[MUSIC]
So in this lecture we'll talk about how
to get the Raspberry Pi to respond to
the existence of a tweet with a particular
hashtag or some other string inside it.
So we've been talking about
filtering Twitter streams.
So, looking through a public
stream to see if you
can find a particular string inside that
stream, a Tweet containing a string.
And so this is putting it all together.
A little example of a piece
of code that might do that.
And note that in this case
I haven't done the import,
the importing of the Twython class.
I haven't done that, but besides that,
if you added that, this would work.
So first thing you're doing is you're
creating a class the MyStreamer
class, right?
class MyStreamer(TwythonStreamer) :.
So I'm defining a new class
which extends TwythonStreamer.
So it's going to have all
the same methods and attributes.
Then inside that class,
I'm defining this Callback.
So def on_success,
I'm doing inside MyStreamer, and
on_success is the callback, right?
So if a filter is performed and
it finds a match to a string inside
the Twitter feed,
then it will call on_success.
So I define that inside
my Class MyStreamer.
And notice how everything is
indented within my MyStreamer class.
So the on_success, all it does is
if there's text in the data, so
if it actually finds some data.
Then it prints Found_it.
So that's what it's going to do
if it finds the particular string
Harris, it'll do that.
So then, outside of the class,
I instantiate MyStreamer,
stream = MyStreamer, bam, right?
So I create a string.
Notice I pass it the four
tokens that I had, right,
the keys, the four keys that I had.
I pass that for authentication purposes.
And I get this stream that I can use
to communicate with Twitter servers.
Then, last line of code,
I just call filters.
So stream.statuses.filter.
And I pass it as an argument that track,
the track argument,
I'm going to say track = Harris.
So it's going to track the string hash.
And you can put any string in there
you want, but it'll track for Harris.
And now what'll happen is,
as soon as it, it'll search the strings.
It finds the string that has Harris in it.
It'll print found it.
Now let's say,
instead of just printing found it.
We want our Raspberry Pi to blink
a light in response to a tweet.
So when it sees a particular tweet,
it turns a light off, on and off.
Blinks an LED.
And let's assume this LED is on pin 13,
okay.
So what I'm doing is,
first I'm defining this blink function.
Actually is a very small change.
I define a function to do blink.
I GPIO, we'll remember this
from previous courses, right?
GPIO.output, 13 GPIO high,
then you sleep for
one second, then GPIO output 13 low.
So that turns it on for
a second, and then turns it off.
Now note that I'm leaving out the code,
importing the GPIO library,
importing the time library.
For the sleep function I've left those
out but this gets right to the part,
the heart of it anyway.
Assume we have those import,
imports in there.
So to find my blink functions.
Every time you call blink,
it'll blink this light once.
Then in my MyStreamer class
when I'm defining on_success,
I change on_success ever so slightly.
Instead of saying if text in data print
found it, now I say if text in data blink.
I call blink and that makes the LED blink.
So now my Raspberry Pi will blink an LED
every time it receives a string of this,
you know that contains Harris.
A tweet that contains Harris in it or
whatever string I want to look for.
And the LED's on pin 13, that happens
to be the pin I'm using here, but.
Actually I didn't even give the pin
numbering, but that's up to you.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]